# Interlude-3
What is the main message of this module?

The main message of this module is that computers have immense power to elevate the way we experience history. We can see through A.I Dungeon that computers can now tap into things that feel unique to humans. They are no longer solely used to produce speech but they can create a story with characters and interact with the historian. The use of sensible randomness allows for users to have a reactive interaction with computers and games. This module shows that people have begun to take interest in what the reactions are to their own actions. Throughout this module we look at the fine line of making sure new technologies enrich our lives rather than diminish them. The introduction of computers working alongside humans has made historians work a lot harder. In the module it was stressed that we must define historical thinking and how this changes when we let machines have agency.

What does it mean to do history when the machine is a co creator of the experience working on its own? What is the role of the historian?

Doing history is when you get to place yourself into an immersive experience and experience history. The development of machines has allowed historians to look at the past through a new lens. Having the computer as a co creator allows for you to play our historical moments and do history to gain new insight into certain situations. Bill Heinemann stated that he was fascinated with the power of the computer to not only calculate but also interact with written language. In this situation the computer is simulating enough of our world to make it appear more intelligent than it is. This can directly be seen through playing A.I. Dungeon. When I was playing this game I was too very surprised like Bill Heinemann that it was possible for the computer to generate such an emotional response. It really did feel like I was communicating with humans. 
While playing this game I chose fantasy and a princess. The computer in the scenario was reporting ana track, I indicated I was scared and it came back calling me weak. This made me immerse myself into the game and defend myself. I was able to do history because I got to experience things like sword fighting through the game that I otherwise would not be able to experience. This changed my view of the use of sword fighting and combat. It also allowed me to explore these areas without fear of consequences.
The role of the historian in doing history is setting up the machine and watching how the world reacts. 

How does this connect with your ideas for your unessay?

This connects to my unessay because my role as a historian when creating my unessay is to work as a partner with the machine to create an experience that allows for “players” to experience history in real time. My unessay will be a twitter bot that embodies the identity of a young girl in the 1800’s. I will feed information into the machine about the girl's life and the twitter bot will show how she explores Twitter as a medium. This will allow for the player to experience the young girl's life with her. The ultimate goal will be to have the twitter bot respond to comments to allow for people to interact and learn from the twitter bot. To make sure this account is successful I will take ideas from organ trail using sensible randomness to make the twitter bot simulate real life.

How does this intersect with ideas from the first two modules?

In this module we touched on sonification. Sonification is used to optimize efficiency of information communication and not just be pleasant to hear. This is the representation of data through musical interpretation. This connects to the theme in module one storytelling. One specific example that I can remember that shows how useful sonification is was when we had a conversation about memorable museum experiences. During this conversation the main thing people remembered that contributed to their experience with history was the auditory experience. People reflected on the emotions that they felt and how it stuck with them all because of the sounds. This module also intersects with ideas about the historical problem space from module 3. This shows how the machine is the creator of the story and how the machine can emulate human behavior is more important than the content of the story. The components that go into the machine enhance users actions because it is reactive to how the user acts.
